website/docs: Clarify Outpost upgrade (#14924)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/add-secure-apps/outposts/upgrading.md

![](./upgrading_outdated.png)

> To upgrade the Outpost to the latest version, simply adjust the key `container_image` of the outpost to the new version or your desired SemVer tag, eg. `container_image: ghcr.io/goauthentik/proxy:2025.6.0`.

Reviewer: A couple of edits, for clarity, please review carefully and make sure I didn't change the meaning of anything.

Reviewer: Also the additional screenshot is helpful, but maybe expand it to show that is it part of the Edit modal... show the Advanced settings area label.... so that people know this is part of the UI. I at first thought it was the contents of some config file. ;-)

Reviewer: oh, I just noticed that the original screenshot that was already in there, of the list of Outposts, is quite outdated. If you are willing please update that screenshot, or I can do it later. Thanks!

Author: preference on light or dark theme for the screenshots?

Reviewer 2: Important thing to add: `container_image` only needs to be changed if it has been manually set, which in most cases isn't required (and if it is it should be used with `%(version)s` as a version placeholder, in which case manually changing it to update is also not required)

Author: I did not have it it set and when I upgraded Authentik from 2025.4.x to 2025.6.0, my remote outpost was marked as version mismatch. I'm using Argo to deploy `authentik-remote-cluster`. Does `%(version)s` match theversion of the Authentik server or `appVersion` of the remote-cluster deployment?

Author: so I've removed the `container_image` line and it upgraded my outpost. Maybe I was just impatient when I upgraded to 2025.6.0 and the outpost didn't upgrade right away. Next upgrade I will give it more time. Thanks.

> To upgrade the Outpost to the latest version, simply adjust the key `container_image` of the outpost to the new version or your desired SemVer tag, eg. `container_image: ghcr.io/goauthentik/proxy:2025.6.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To upgrade the Outpost to the latest version, click the edit icon beside the name of the outpost, scroll down to the **Advanced settings** area, and modify the value for `container_image` of the outpost to the new version or your desired SemVer tag, eg. `container_image: ghcr.io/goauthentik/proxy:2025.6.0`.
```

Reviewer: @tylerobara are you ok with this edit? If yes, please accept it.
